QPop_FAQ_and_Facts

Why QPop is still not ideal:

Property pages don't open when calling commands from a Qpop Menu.
Example: No PPG opens when calling the Bevel command from a QPop menu, even when not holding the Ctrl key.
Reason: When Softimage executes commands it needs certain input values to properly perform the operation, 
depending on the command to be executed.
Normally, when calling a command from one of Softimage's native menus, a function is called that handles all that (e.g. in case of Bevel, 
the function behind the bevel menu item will let you pick an object's component if none is selected before it applies the bevel operator. 
However, this function is unavailable to scripting. 
As a result, the Command is simply executed using the commands execute() function, which uses the default values for 
the command's parameters and does not raise the PPG after creating the resulting operator.

It would have been much cleaner and easier if GetGlobal was not a command (Repeat problem)

It would have been much easier if commands could be made invisible to Repetition (suggestion: capability flag "siNonRepeatable")

Controlling whether commands may open PPG's is hard to control.
If the command gets called from a normal function, PPG's can open when using inside that functionCommand.Execute() (unless Ctrl is pressed),
	even if that function gets called from within another command (last call seems to matter)
In case the command gets directly called from within another command it will not open a PPG. 
It would be cool if this could be controlled by a flag on the calling command.

KPL
Opening more than one QPop configurator panel at a time causes a cyclic dependency refresh 
loops in the Property page.
Solution: Don't open more than one Property page to the QPop

Resizing QPop configuration window displayed inside preferences can casue the property page display to become
corrupted/unreadble. This seems to happen only on 64bit systems and mifght be related to display drivers issues.
There is nothing I can do about it.
Solution: 
	1.) After resizing move the PPG's left side sepparator bar that separates Preference categories from the
QPop preferences Proptery page, it will render the and display correctly until resized again
	2.) Alternatively, open the QPop preferences in a separate Property page instead, e.g. by clicking on ot'scripting
	orange icon in the preferences category selection bar on the left (